Include the training module (#3356)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/data-connect-get-started.md

Before you can use Microsoft Graph data connect, an Office 365 administrator must take two actions, both of which enable the ability for the admin to control data movement through Privileged Access Management (PAM). 

1. Give consent to opt in to Microsoft Graph data connect through the Microsoft 365 Admin Portal, on the **Services & add-ins** page. This will allow data movement requests to Microsoft Azure (that is, keep full control over the data, but allow Azure resources to access it). No data is transferred unless approval for a specific pipeline is provided later.

> 2. Set an approver group within the Office 365 subscription. The approver group will be tasked with approving specific requests for access to data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set an approver group within the Office 365 subscription. Ensure the approver group is not empty, as only the users in the group can approve data movement requests. 
```

Adding a small comment inline, we received feedback from our customers that they didn't understand that the group needed to have users in it to be valid.

Reviewer 2: Suggested edit to Tyler's addition: Make sure that the approver group is not empty. Only the users in the group can approve data movement requests.

Reviewer: Looks good to me thanks Laura!

Author: Updated.

## Next steps

> Congratulations! You're now ready to start building intelligent applications with Azure tooling. For detailed step-by-step instructions, see the [Microsoft Graph data connect training module](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/msgraph-training-dataconnect/blob/master/Lab.md). For a sample application and additional documentation, see the [Microsoft Graph data connect GitHub repo](https://github.com/OfficeDev/MS-Graph-Data-Connect/wiki). 

Reviewer 3: Had a chat with @Lauragra - she's right that the getting started topic gets much shorter after eliminating the 12 steps. On the other hand, there's value in keeping the getting started topic in the TOC to make it discoverable. Not every new customer goes through the value prop overview topic (if they have heard data connect elsewhere), but every new customer will need to get set up to use data connect.

> Congratulations! You're now ready to start building intelligent applications with Azure tooling. For detailed step-by-step instructions, see the [Microsoft Graph data connect training module](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/msgraph-training-dataconnect/blob/master/Lab.md). For a sample application and additional documentation, see the [Microsoft Graph data connect GitHub repo](https://github.com/OfficeDev/MS-Graph-Data-Connect/wiki). 

Reviewer: Great feedback Angela! I certainly agree with your first comment about moving the "For detailed step-by-step" sentence higher up. 

I'm also comfortable leaving the getting started topic in place for now, maybe we can merge it with the value prop topic if we get feedback on it being too short?

> Congratulations! You're now ready to start building intelligent applications with Azure tooling. For detailed step-by-step instructions, see the [Microsoft Graph data connect training module](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/msgraph-training-dataconnect/blob/master/Lab.md). For a sample application and additional documentation, see the [Microsoft Graph data connect GitHub repo](https://github.com/OfficeDev/MS-Graph-Data-Connect/wiki). 

Author: I've moved the line about the training module. If we decide to merge two of the pages, let's use another branch.
